# OpenAPI generated server

## Overview
This server was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project. By using the
[OpenAPI-Spec](https://openapis.org) from a remote server, you can easily generate a server stub.  This
is an example of building a OpenAPI-enabled Flask server.

This example uses the [Connexion](https://github.com/zalando/connexion) library on top of Flask.

## Requirements
Python 3.7+

## Usage
Please note that the best way to run server is within a container. Please see the [Running with Docker](#running-with-docker) section.

To run the server locally, please execute the following from the root directory:

```
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
python3 -m openapi_server
```

Just pass to the client the following environment variable: `ADDRESS=localhost`.

You can specify [server configuration environment variable](#configuring-the-stub-server-with-environment-variables) values in shell's command line like in the example below:
```
DEFAULT_RATE_LIMIT="300 per second" SERVER_RUN_TIME_IN_SECONDS=120 python3 -m openapi_server
```

To launch the integration tests, use tox:
```
sudo pip install tox
tox
```

You can browse API definition here:

```
http://localhost:8000/ui/
```

Your OpenAPI definition lives here:

```
http://localhost:8000/openapi.json
```

## Configuring the stub server with environment variables

There are the following environment variables which use can use to configure the stub server.

### `SERVER_RUN_TIME_IN_SECONDS`
Time in seconds after which the stub server will stop and print the final balance.
For quick comparison tests it make sense to set it lower than default value, e.g. 2 minutes (`SERVER_RUN_TIME_IN_SECONDS=120`) 

Default value:
`SERVER_RUN_TIME_IN_SECONDS=600`

### `DEFAULT_RATE_LIMIT`
A string representing overall (considering requests to all endpoints) rate limit.
This a configuration string for the `Flask-Limiter`. Please check 
[Rate limit string notation](https://flask-limiter.readthedocs.io/en/stable/#rate-limit-string-notation) for other options.
After the rate limit is reached, the server will return `429 Too Many Requests` response to requests until the request counter 
is reset by the end of a second.

Please note that the example Python client can struggle to achieve the request speed which will hit the default rate limit.
Please consider using `300 per second` to test how a Python client code will react to rate limiting.

Default value:
`DEFAULT_RATE_LIMIT="1000 per second"`

### `SERVER_SEED`
A seed for the stub server's random number generator. Used primarily for treasure map generation.
Also accounts for some random effects like `50x` errors. 

Default value:
`SERVER_SEED=0`

## Running with Docker

To run the server on a Docker container, please execute the following from the root directory:

```bash
# building the image
docker build -t hlc21_stub_server .

# starting up a container (with an environment variable value override)
docker run --rm -it -e SERVER_RUN_TIME_IN_SECONDS=120 -p 0.0.0.0:8000:8000 hlc21_stub_server
```

## Running with Docker Compose

There's an example Docker Compose file located in the sample client's folder: [docker-compose.yaml](../python/docker-compose.yaml).
You can copy it to your client's folder, tailor it (adjust the client container image name and relative paths) and run 
both the stub server and your client as a single step, using the following command:
```bash
docker compose down && docker compose build && docker compose up
```
